Added CONTRIBUTING.md with Contribution guidelines (#6)
Vibhu-Agarwal/potter_spells: CONTRIBUTING.md

# 🙌 Contribution Guidelines

**First of all thanks for taking time and interest in the project 👍**

## First time Contributors
If you're new to open source and don't know how to contribute to open-source projects then check out this [handy-guide](https://github.com/firstcontributions/first-contributions) 

**If you want to contribute start with [git](https://git-scm.com/) by installing it on your machine**

## Forking the Repository
- Start by clicking the fork button in this repository

## Copy and Clone
- Copy the url of the repository
- Clone the repository using the command in terminal 
```
git clone 'url you just copied'
```
## Commit
- Commit the changes to the new branch using command 
```
git commit -m 'message'
```

## Push changes
- Push changes on your local machine to GitHub using command 
```
git push origin master
```

## Compare and Pull Request
- Compare the branches and start a Pull Request to merge the changes in the master branch

> ## You contributed to the project. Congrats on your contribution 🎉 and welcome to Open Source 

Reviewer: Line too long for a section heading

Author: Fixed section heading check now @Vibhu-Agarwal

# 🙌 Contribution Guidelines

**First of all thanks for taking time and interest in the project 👍**

## First time Contributors

> If you're new to open source and don't know how to contribute to open source projects then check out this [link](https://github.com/firstcontributions/first-contributions) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're new to open source and don't know how to contribute to open-source projects then check out this [guide-project](https://github.com/firstcontributions/first-contributions) 
```

**If you want to contribute start with [git](https://git-scm.com/) by installing it on your machine**

## Forking the Repository
- Start by clicking the fork button in this repository

## Copy and Clone
- Copy the url of the repository
- Clone the repository using the command in terminal 
```
git clone 'url you just copied'
```

## Create new branch
- Create a new branch seperate from main branch using command 
```
git checkout -b 'branch-name'
```

## Commit
- Commit the changes to the new branch using command 
```
git commit -m 'message'
```

## Push changes
- Push changes on your local machine to GitHub using command 
```
git push origin master
```

## Compare and Pull Request
- Compare the branches and start a Pull Request to merge the changes in the master branch

> ## You contributed to the project Congrats on your contribution 🎉

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## You contributed to the project. Congrats on your contribution 🎉
```
